>> Scott Moss: So the last thing we'll do,
which is kinda just like,
now apply everything you learn and
go build this is,
we have two more pages in our
app that kinda needs some love.
We really haven't done anything on them,
and we really should.
We should go fill these pages with
all the data and the JSX they need.
So let's go in and do those, and
that way we can kinda just apply all the
things we just did on two different pages.
So the first page is
gonna be the events page.
I already made it just on mind.
It just says no, and
actually it's gonna be three pages.
There's gonna be the events page
where it list all the events.
There's gonna be a event page where
you can get one event by one ID.
So we need to make some server
functions for those two.
And then there's gonna be a,
>> Scott Moss: An attendees
page that lists all the attendees.
So that one needs a function too.
So let's go do that.
So first we'll go to the utils events.
>> Scott Moss: And we're gonna
make some more functions in here.
So the other function we're going to
make is going to be, getAllEvents.
This one's super easy.
So getAllEvents.
I'm just gonna go ahead and add my memoize
now cuz I already know I'm doing it.
>> Scott Moss: And getAllEvents takes
in a userId, which is a string.
>> Scott Moss: All it's gonna do after
delay, of course, is the events.
>> Scott Moss: Equals await db.query.id,
okay,
after that, db.query.events.findMany.
Where?
>> Scott Moss: Equals events.createdById
is userId, like that.
So that'll give us our events, and
then just order by,
>> Scott Moss: Let's look at,
what do I have here?
Ascending event start on.
Okay, so
let's say ascending events.startOn.
>> Scott Moss: So that'd be our query is
just gonna go get all the events where
the createdById of that event
equals the given userId,
and then orderBy an ascending
order of events.startOn.
>> Scott Moss: So
it'll show the oldest one on top.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, and
then just need to return that.
I'm just gonna get rid of the await and
just return it I guess.
And then we need to set
up our cache stuff here.
So I'm gonna say, persist true,
that's the main one, and
then revalidateTags.
>> Scott Moss: This will be events.
>> Scott Moss: And because we already have
a mutation where we create events with
that plus button and
we revalidated that slot for the events,
I also need to revalidate this page for
the events.
So I'm gonna go back to our events action
file where we're gonna revalidate tag,
I'm gonna revalidate another tag for
events.
>> Scott Moss: So that page also gets
revalidated when a new event gets created.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
we got to getAllEvents.
>> Scott Moss: Now we must go ahead and
get the one for the get one event as well.
This one's gonna be slightly
different on the key for
the revalidation because
it has a event ID.
So we need to create a key based on that.
>> Scott Moss: GetOneEvent
= memoize(async.
>> Scott Moss: And
this takes in a userId and
an eventId like that.
>> Scott Moss: And
then this one's pretty simple,
you just do a fine first
where those two things match.
So I'll await a delay and
I'll just return
db.query.events.findFirst where and
eq(events.id is equal to eventId.
And then the other one is equal
to events.createdById is userId.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, so I got that.
>> Scott Moss: And
then for this other stuff,
the cache situation,
and say, persist true.
And for the revalidation tags,
this has a userId here.
>> Scott Moss: I would need that one,
cuz here's the eventId.
Here, I do need that, so I can say,
this is events, eventId.
So we're gonna go to
dashboard events page, .TSX.
I think I already have it in mine,
it just does no.
>> Scott Moss: Not to be confused with at
events, just events, two different things.
And I'm just gonna put this in here.
So this is gonna get
the current user as always,
it's gonna get all the events,
the thing we just made.
And just gonna put it here with the name.
>> Scott Moss: And
then when you click on one,
it'll take you to the event detail for
that.
So let's make a route for that.
So in events, we'll make a new folder,
call it bracket Id.
This is for our parameters.
And inside of there,
we'll make our page.tsx, like that.
>> Scott Moss: And then for
this, I'll just grab this JSX.
>> Scott Moss: There you go.
If you wanna get the incoming
parameter for a dynamic route,
it's always passed in on
the params objects of the page.
It's always that.
So it'll be params.id
because I called it id here.
If I called this anything else,
this will be perams.anythingelse.
So let's check that out,
see if that works.
Let's go to our events.
>> Scott Moss: Boom, boom, boom,
okay, so that seems to be working,
let's go to this event, see what happens.
There it is.
The reason it took so long that time
is because we're in dev mode and
that that page didn't get
compiled until I clicked on it.
So you can see right here it took 307
milliseconds to compile that page cuz
we're in dev mode, and the pages don't get
compiled until you hit them at least once.
In production,
that gets compiled before you deploy, so
that delay would have happened.
There still is going to be a delay,
it just won't be that long.
If I go back here, there's still,
for sure, going to be a delay here.
That was a delay in the data fetching, but
the actual component is already compiled.
The reason that looks like that is
we don't have a loading, right,
it's just sitting there.
We're not streaming this down,
so I clicked it.
Let's see how long it took because
we didn't enable suspense,
we didn't do streaming.
So it's waiting to transition, to go.
So you need to add a loading TSX
to prevent that from happening.
So we can transition, show the loader,
and then it'll come in,
it'll stream in when it comes.
So if you don't want that,
add a loading TSX.
So why did the events page,
when you redirected it,
why does that one have a loading?
>> Student 1: Is it picking up
the dashboard parents loading?
>> Scott Moss: This events page?
>> Student 1: Yeah, if you hard refresh
and reload that, it has a loader.
>> Scott Moss: It does, yeah.
>> Student 1: They don't have a loading.
>> Scott Moss: Do I have a loading here?
>> Student 1: No, cuz I don't
have one and it's still doing it.
So is it picking that up from the parent
somehow, the parent layout, or?
>> Scott Moss: No, I don't think,
I mean, we can test it out, let's see.
I don't think so.
>> Student 1: Yeah,
cuz it shouldn't be picking up.
>> Scott Moss: There is a dashboard,
events loading page.
>> Student 1: Yeah,
is it picking up from the ad events one?
>> Scott Moss: That'd be funny.
Maybe it does go up to its,
if it doesn't, no, I don't know.
>> Student 1: Okay, yeah, it is.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it is,
it is picking that one up.
>> Scott Moss: I didn't know
it picked up its ancestors.
Then in that, I don't know,
I think that's a bug.
>> Student 1: Okay, cuz then you'd
assume that the ID one would also
pick up the ancestors, but.
>> Scott Moss: Right, cuz it only goes
one level up, doesn't go two levels up.
That's kinda inconsistent.
Yeah, that could very well be a bug.
I've actually never seen them before.
>> Student 1: No,
the ID won't have one too.
>> Student 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: It does?
>> Student 1: When I hard refresh.
>> Scott Moss: Then, I know there's
a way to do a global loading.
You specifically have to say,
this is the global loading indicator,
and that one will work for everything.
>> Student 2: Yeah, but
if you hit the events page,
cuz I've got the spinner for
the events page.
But if you click on the one,
it does the dot, dot, dot loading,
so it is using the one that's
down in the [INAUDIBLE].
>> Scott Moss: Actually,
I know what's happening here.
>> Student 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: This isn't the look,
I think, let me see.
Hold on, I think what's
happening here is Expand events.
What we're seeing is,
we're not seeing the loading for this.
Okay, we're actually seeing
the loading for the page because,
check out the layout, right?
The layout will load the children,
okay, when it's not in dashboard mode.
So I think what we're seeing is because
we go to slash dashboard slash events,
we're gonna see the loading
here no matter what.
Whereas in these examples,
these things have their own loaders.
But if you look at the layout,
>> Scott Moss: Here.
These things are rendered in their
own slots, but here's just one child.
So think it's just picking it up that way,
specifically because,
>> Scott Moss: [CROSSTALK]
I still would imagine to do that.
>> Student 3: Expand your Id there once.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
actually, let's do this.
>> Student 3: Wait,
you don't have a loader here.
>> Scott Moss: No, I don't have one,
let's make something, let's do one.
Let's see what happens here,
I'm curious now.
>> Scott Moss: So to here.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
let's try that, am I in the right?
Okay, I'm in the right there.
Let's see what we have first.
[INAUDIBLE] Yeah, okay,
I guess it just picks up its parents,
it's grandparents, its ancestors.
>> Student 4: Yeah, but then you could put
a loading down in the Id bracketed area.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, put one there, okay.
>> Student 4: Well, and actually in
your main branch, you got one there.
>> Scott Moss: I do.
>> Student 4: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, and
that would make sense, yeah.
>> Student 4: And so when you click
on the individual one, it uses that.
So now if you can say event, right?
There you go, and then you click on one.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, that makes sense.
>> Student 4: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: That is interesting,
let's see, let's do this together,
I wanna see something right quick.
Let's go to the docs.
>> Student 4: Do you like that?
>> Scott Moss: No.
With the way suspense works, I think
that's kinda the behavior of a suspense
boundary if you were to do that manually.
Yeah, cuz that's what I
was trying to figure out.
I'm like, it's wrapping the whole tree.
It's like a boundary, yeah.
But the way the routing works,
it shouldn't [LAUGH].
>> Student 4: I think it's
like a different page.
>> Scott Moss: You know what?
I think what I was trying to say, and
I think it just came cuz I
lost my train of thought.
I think the loading wraps, no, it doesn't
say, wraps the layout, which would mean,
yeah, everything would
have the same loader, but
I don't think it wraps the layout,
I thought it wraps the actual page.
So-.
>> Student 4: Which is interesting,
because that page renders the count,
doesn't it, technically?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Student 4: The dashboard page renders
the count, but
it's not in this because it's a different
page, but it's still using that loader.
So I thought they were tightly associated
where that loading was for that page, but
it seems like it can also be used for
children.
Right, that is interesting.
>> Scott Moss: I don't see any
mention of global or anything here.
Now I'm just super fascinated
about that parents, maybe.
No, something new, pretty cool.
That's actually a really cool feature.